hey guys it's a girl jump easy and I'm
back with another lock tutorial now this
one honey is a play on a regular old
pony I just pretty much jazzed it up a
little bit you know so if you're
interested in seeing how I did this nice
and jazzy Pony mm-hmm stake heaven all
right so my hair's already section in
the front I am going to separate some on
both sides and leave those hanging and
so I have a strip in the middle kind of
like a little mohawk I'm just gonna lay
that flat to the back and I'm using a
pin to go ahead and secure that there so
I'll have to worry about holding it down
it just makes it easier okay so now I'm
taking the first crossing the front
imagine back weaving your bang
as you can see I have two flat twists on
either side of my head these particular
flat twists are left over from a
previous rock tutorial and I just did
but if you want you can just put one
flat tools there two flat two is three
just whatever just you get the point
now I flipped all my locks to the front
and I'm just gonna take it on two sides
and crisscross it and do a basket weave
up the back I swear I always leave that
lock out and you'll see the lock on the
other side is gonna be out next is those
two I swear
shout out to my two baby locks it aren't
quite babies anymore
but anyway I'm criss crossing either
side and while I'm holding it there I'm
also holding the hair in the middle up
so that it doesn't fall down and that's
why I'm leaning my head to help it stay
up so just crisscross it up and then
we're gonna go ahead and get a pin and
secure it see me tucking it there
I'm taking my mother alright be with me
once again and just securing it boom and
then this is what we're gonna do to make
the ponytail now to make the ponytail
what I'm gonna be using is a stocking
the leg of a pair of pantyhose you guys
know I love that do you start sortin of
different things and just wrapping it
around flipping the locks back cuz we
know that it's in their pantyhose and
I'm just gonna tighten it up and make a
ponytail that way it's easier than
trying to fight with a ponytail holder
all that mess trial just use that
pantyhose and wrap it up now just
wrapped it around around and tighten it
right here I'm gonna make mine the bow
but you can just keep going riding
around until you can just tuck in the
ends if you just want to smooth wrap
around a ponytail and I'm just gonna
pull out the locks on the top just to
let them stick out a little bit cuz I
like that look see that lock hanging
down there see that lock hanging down
there told you guys I swear it's a
roadblock
all right so this is the final result
just a little twist on a regular old
Pony a way to jazz it up a bit like I
said before so I definitely hope you
liked it thanks for rating commenting
subscribing sharing all that good stuff
and see in the next video peace out